in this lesson we're going to understand
the purpose of the trust center
and the azure compliance documentation
if i think about the cloud i'm putting a
huge amount of trust in that provider
and so the emphasis really is on
microsoft to earn that trust
and maintain that trust
if i think about just trust in general
there's a number of key pillars to that
if we go and look at one of the key
sites here we can see hey
microsoft products and services run on
trust
and it breaks it down into these three
elements
security so when i think about security
how is the various defense in depth
requirements actually provided
i can think about privacy
well
azure has many compliance offerings but
how do i ensure the privacy of my data
what are they doing to protect the
privacy of it
and then yes the compliance offerings
themselves so there are many different
compliance offerings out there by
country by industry
so what do we have available for
microsoft and this is microsoft so yes
there's a focus on azure so here you
have these sections around azure for
security privacy gdpr is obviously a
huge one
data locations compliance then azure
devops services azure cognitive services
but then also for microsoft 365
for microsoft dynamics 365 for the power
platform so all of these different
clouds and services
we can get information about those three
key pillars
that really matter to this
now obviously there's also ideas around
reliability and resiliency keeping azure
performing responding intellectual
property how is it protected
i want to double click on that idea of
compliance
now we have this trust center
so the azure trust center
is really the starting point we can see
here we've gone to microsoft.com trust
das center
this is the hub
there's a video about how you think
begins with trust
it has various pieces of information it
has some sort of case studies additional
resources but what i'm actually going to
focus on is these titles at the top
so there's information about privacy
privacy overview data management gdpr
and then compliance
overview compliance offerings
ones that are then based around the idea
of regional and country compliance
cloud services due diligence and
accessibility
so i would definitely recommend going to
this site and having a look around now
i'm going to start off with this idea of
compliance offerings
and once again there's learn modules
there's overviews
it's giving me this idea about well hey
gdpr
microsoft cloud offerings microsoft
cloud for industries
it has service assurance so i could go
and get more information about specific
aspects of how microsoft offer their
services for example i might care a lot
about data center security
so i could absolutely dive into this
document
and get information about how does it
host the services how is it protecting
it from that unauthorized access it
talks about some of the physical
security systems
how are we protecting from earthquakes
and hurricanes and natural disasters how
is it tested
and that's where different compliance
standards and external auditors for
example
come in and help do those checks to make
sure they're meeting the requirement it
talks about external regulators
and certifications
you can actually go and look at these
documents to see the actual things that
have been passed for its physical data
centers so you can go and look at this
for all different aspects
but what i want to double click on here
is this microsoft compliance offerings
so here we can see a list of all of the
different compliance offerings available
to us
now some of these are based on certain
industries
some of them are based on certain
countries
and i can have different views to see
these by kind of industry and government
whatever that might be
but then you can dive into any one of
these
to actually go and get the details
around it for example pci dss that's a
big one for a lot of retail for example
but it goes into details about well what
services are in scope for this
how the different environments actually
are configured enforced around so i can
get all of the different data around all
of those different compliance offerings
you can see kind of the whole list on
the left hand navigation menu that is
actually breaking it down by
the particular
industries
so when i think about that idea of
compliance and that security
the trust center hey i'm curious about
what compliance offerings are available
trust center i want to be able to drill
down and look at
trust center so this is going to be the
go to hub that i want to leverage when
i'm trying to get any information that
relates to compliance regulatory
compliance and understanding the
documents so all the documents are
linked to there so i can actually go and
get the detail about any one of them